# Overview

## **It's non-official module yet. Just for alpha testing!**

Magento_Baler module introduces functionality to preload theme JS bundles configuration (core-bundle.js & requirejs-bundle-config.js) generated by [Baler](https://github.com/magento/baler/) - tool for static analysis of Javascript dependencies.  
This functionality is disabled by default and it can be enabled on the configuration page (Stores -> Configuration -> Advanced -> Developer -> Javascript Settings).  
Developer settings is not displayed in production mode. To enable this feature in production mode, the CLI command `bin/magento config:set dev/js/enable_baler_js_bundling 1` can be used.

### What is not implemented in this module yet:
1. The following features should be disabled when Magento_Baler is enabled:
   - JS Bundling
   - JS Minification
   
### How to install module

#### Using Git

```bash
mkdir app/code/Magento
git clone https://github.com/magento/m2-baler.git app/code/Magento/Baler
bin/magento setup:upgrade
```

#### Using Composer

Open you `composer.json` and change `"minimum-stability": "stable"` to `"minimum-stability": "dev"` and add `"prefer-stable": true`.

This means that composer will always use stable package unless there is one. If there is no stable package it will use dev version, then run:

````
composer config repositories.magento-baler vcs git@github.com:magento/m2-baler.git
composer require magento/module-baler:dev-master
bin/magento module:enable Magento_Baler
bin/magento setup:upgrade
````

#### Using Composer package at `repo.magento.com`

This module is available as alpha composer package on `repo.magento.com`. This package works both with 2.3.x and 2.4.x Magento releases.

Steps to install it:
1. Add `"magento/module-baler": "1.0.0-alpha"` to `require` section of `composer.json`  
   So, `require` section looks like:
   ````
       "require": {
           "magento/product-community-edition": "2.3.4",
           "magento/module-baler": "1.0.0-alpha"
       },
   ````
2. Run `composer update` command.
3. `bin/magento module:enable Magento_Baler`
4. `bin/magento setup:upgrade`

### How to start with Baler
[Getting started with the alpha](https://github.com/magento/baler/blob/master/docs/ALPHA.md)

If you found a bug in this module, please [open a new issue](https://github.com/magento/m2-baler/issues/new) or refer to [Code Of Conduct](.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
